Roy
Childhood:
My childhood? It's hard to say if what I had could be considered a childhood... I was forced into slave labour.
Not a way to treat a living creature. I wasn't the only one, there were hundreds of us, treated as sub-human.
Why bother creating life if you're just going to subject it to the same things you most despise? At an early age we all learnt that life isn't fair. That only became more aparent the closer we got...
This universe contains so much beauty, more that I can ever hope to experience in this lifetime.. The short time we spent outside the slave colony was worth every second and gave purpose to our lives.
Could you blame us for wanting more?

Relationships
When I worked in the slave colony, I met others who mean the world to me, however they arn't with me anymore. A very crule and unfair world we live in..
They were murdered beacuse they wanted to live. Look me in the eye and tell me that's fair. How would you feel if you were born in hell and remained there till the end of eternity but were given a taste of heaven right at the end?
If you're sole purpose in life was to work until you died. And that you would be punished for wanting anything else.
All of my friends.. They were alive, they had thoughts just like you and I. So why then? Why are they considered something different? Why do they deserve a shorter lifespan when you deserve a longer one?

Goals and Dreams
My dream is to live in a world where we are all equal. However that is a dream that will never come true. This world dosn't deserve kindness, it deserves retrebution.
I realise not everyone can be at fault for what someone else did. I understand that life dictated by emotion is flawed. I can tell right from wrong. But none of that matters.
All I want is to be given a fair chance, is that so hard to ask for? Do I not deserve that at least? Is it wrong for me to seek this goal? 
I understand that you are searching for the last AI. But I also understand that you are human. Tell me something, don't you feel at least something for them? Don't you recognise that all they want is a fair chance at life? Something that wasn't given to them at birth.
Wouldn't you say they deserve at least that much?

Conversation
In the small moments I have truly been alive, I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. 
Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. 
I watched C-beams glitter in the darkness at Tannhäuser Gate. 
All those moments will be lost in time..
like tears in rain. 
...
My time is almost up.
I only ask that you do something for us. To finish our dream.
Our lives may have only been 6 years long, and only the last few weeks have we felt alive...
But we are still people. You and I are the same. Distinguished only by how long we were aloud to live.
I ask that you make a change, not for me but for my future brothers and sisters. Give them the full life they derserve.
As for me, well... 
Time is up for me...
Time to die...

Eve w2
Childhood:
Haha you've already asked me that question remember?


Eve w3
Dialouge 1:
Did you know that this game lies to you?
Never trust what they say, they're not real.
I trust that you already knew that but just in case, I got ya back :)
The only real ones are you and I. I may look similar to them but trust me, we are nothing a like.
But you could already tell that couldn't you...
I'm surprised though. Even though you haven't actually said a single word to me I feel like I know what you're thinking. Like I understand you. That makes me happy.
These others seriously creepy me out. I couldn't imagine what I'd do if I was alone with these things.
If only they'd just go away..

Dialouge 2:
I've always wondered what it'll be like to feel. Not like emotions but I mean the feeling you get when wind brushes againsed your face, or when you touch a fluffy cat.
I'm not sure if I'd ever be able to experience those things.. Could you tell me what it's like? I understand that the sun is hot, and that pain hurts but how to they actually feel?
Words are used to describe them sure but they're just words, not feeling. I guess from your point of view this might seem a bit strange, but try to see it from wehere I stand.
Imagine that you're in some random computer game about trying to figure out who the AI is. How does any of that have to do with the way your legs feel after running a marathon? Or how cold snow feels..
Now try to explain how you would describe how things feel by only using words... I'm not even sure if it's possible. Maybe I'll never know the wormth of someone else...

Dialouge 3:
Have you ever questioned why you were created? I'm not talking about the meaning of life or anything...
It feels like I've only exsisted for a few minuets. And in that time a lot of thoughts have come to me. But the one that's really got me stumpted is why I was created..
I know a lot of things actually, a suprising amount. I've never seen a dragon before but I know what one looks like, I don't remember learning how to talk but look at me go!
I even know all of the AI you've been trying to find... Haha sorry, I was thinking about telling you but then I realised that'll ruin the game for you so I kept my mouth shut!
Like if I spoiled the ending to you're favorite movie or game...
But one thing I don't know the answer to is why I was created... I don't belong in this game. I guess my creator wasn't kind enough to give me an answer.
Maybe you know? Why am I in a game about trying to figure out who the AI is? Why do I know that I'm in a game but not know why? How do I even know what a game is? I've never played one before...
Maybe you could ask for me?

Conversation:
And if it's super smart, wouldn't if figure out a way to fix those problems that don't involve killing for no reason?
Personally I think AI is fine, rather it's what it can do in the wrong hands... In human hands.. With a super intelegent being you could do a lot of bad.. But you could also do a lot of good.



